it's like I kind of eel sorry dude
diesel was telling me about mawari
because he's lamenting my wearing of
stripes but stripes are not the point of
the video today the point of the video
today is the Razer BlackWidow Ultimate
2013 this is a cherry MX blue fully
mechanical keyboard with evidently
improved anti-ghosting and backlighting
so it's got a full green backlight it
has ten key rollover which a lot of
people talk about you know how many keys
the rollover does a keyboard have okay I
mean I know and key rollovers cool
however I would go as far as to say that
unless you're playing two player games
at your keyboard with two people I mean
have you ever done that slick he says
he's done that but okay I would say that
that's not that common unless you're
playing two player games at your
keyboard with two people with both hands
on the keyboard probably you can only
press ten keys at a time so they have
ten key rollover which means at the very
least although you can't type with your
face you can type with both hands
completely at the same time so there you
go individually backlit keys and they
look quite bright in razors photographs
and all that so we're going to make sure
we test that oh I love this okay I've
seen this before and I can tell you
right now that it makes a huge huge
difference to the brightness the
intensity of the backlight when they do
this you see that green backplate behind
the keyboard number one is that should
improve the how solid it feels does feel
quite well constructed actually let's do
the old flex test so here I'm actually
putting pretty much as much force as I
can on it to get it to flex very well
constructed so you can see that right
can you see like it's not bending much
so that's good and then what it also
does is it gives the green LEDs behind
each key something to reflect off of
which makes the lights much brighter and
more vibrant it looks really really good
sighs so I've seen this before on the
Quickfire TK from Coolermaster so that's
okay that's just packaging again razor
so good at packaging all
insides all matte black and - alright so
up okay let's just slice that open there
we go
so braided cord you can go ahead and
check that out Wow
really good really good non-slip pads on
the bottom of the keyboard it's not
going anywhere once you put it down and
had a hard time moving it just now so
I'll show you guys that in a minute
you've also got audio pass throughs as
well as what appears to be a USB
pass-through yep
so that's for the keyboard itself it's
labeled port okay then you've got your
microphone and headphones which plug in
probably on the side I think yep there
you go there's your pass-through which
is positioned correctly for you know I'd
love to see someone come out with the
mouse that has a short cord like an
apple length cord and that is designed
to be plug into a keyboard because so
many gaming keyboards have these ports
on them but then you got a mouse that
has an 8 foot long cord on it because
it's designed to go down to your PC
Razer if you're watching this video I
want a short mouse cord ok so there we
headphone microphone port wrist rest
symmetrical even I'd say it's not quite
long enough for me personally but if you
don't rest your wrists on the keyboard
which you shouldn't which is bad for you
then I guess it's going to be just fine
you can hear that sound of the Cherry MX
blues so these keyboards are not for
people who are looking for silence or
households that are looking for silence
if you want that then you're going to
want blacks or browns blues are quite
quite loud but they have a really great
feel for typing and I get a lot of
people asking you this they kind of go
all well Linus you know I I you know
which keys are best for for typing and
which ones are best for gaming now the
argument could be made that Keys like
blacks or browns are better for gaming
because they don't have that that click
that discernible tactile feel as you're
pushing it down personally I like that
for gaming I like gaming on a very
tactile keyboard these particular keys
have 50 grams of actuation force so you
can compare that to other keyboards
figure out if you like a heavier key or
a lighter key but I like knowing when
I've pushed it down and because they're
designed to instantly respond back up I
don't find that the that the tactile
catch actually makes that much of a
difference for me
on the bottom like I said we've got
extremely good grips here and these I
love this design of these as well you
see how there's a rubber grip on this
side and it goes all the way around to
the other side it's a rubber cap which
means that no matter how this keyboard
is sitting on the table so you can angle
it up about like that oops I knocked it
down there you go it's not going to move
anywhere no matter what you do so really
really good stuff programmable keys
which you can record on the fly so on
the fly macro recording is included
we've got also function keys here so you
can use function mute volume down volume
up audio media controls macros game mode
which will turn your windows key off
LEDs down LEDs up no LED zones on this
one the whole keyboard lights up
personally I've never used an LED zone
in my life as well as a sleep button
let's just see if I've missed anything
well we go find a computer to plug this
bad boy into so fully programmable keys
plus five additional Oh
oh no oh yeah diesels not really sure
what to do so hold on let us figure this
out so we found a computer plugged it in
this is the coolest thing like ever I
check this out so function seven eight
nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen
fifteen sixteen se bun yet not 17 18 19
it has like it has like between 15 and
20 or whatever it is or at least 10
different brightnesses you can hold it
down and go all the way bright all the
way dark but it is extremely
customizable in terms of how bright you
want the Black Widow ultimate 2013 to be
here we're going to go ahead and turn it
back on I just want to show you all the
different backlit parts of the keyboard
so all the keys are backlit all the
little Razer logo at the bottom is
backlit and it should be noted this is
the only glassy part of this keyboard
everything else is a gorgeous matte
black that won't show fingerprints or
cheeto stains or whatever else is a
problem for you at your particular
keyboard check this out so there's your
macro record there's your game mode even
these lights up here are completely
matte so there's your number lock so you
check that out so cool you can't even
see its bare until you go ahead and
press it so I want to turn the lights
off for a minute here and show you guys
what it looks like when things get all
romantic in the tech tip studio
extremely bright backlight which you
know again razer understands not
everyone will necessarily like so you
can turn that bad boy down you know to
like a just sort of a light glow or you
can turn it all the way down so now we
can find out how many levels there's 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 14 15 16
looks like about 15 so oh yeah right
fully programmable keys plus gaming keys
now not everyone's going to agree with
having only 5 gaming keys personally I
like it because whenever you ever have a
huge like block of keys over here
there's no way you're using all of them
anyway you'll can only use a few I
wouldn't have mind having a few profiles
for them though so you could have
different different sets of them but
remember the synapse 2.0 software has a
lot of customization that you can do on
a per application basis as well so I
guess razors assuming you're going to
use their their software in order to
configure your keyboard so that's
probably a pretty safe assumption so I
guess I take it back but the rest of the
keys are fully programmable no cardinal
sins have been committed in terms of the
overall layout long shifts long
backspace correctly position controls
all that good stuff thank you for
checking out my unboxing and first look
at the Razer BlackWidow Ultimate 2013
don't forget to subscribe - tech tips
from our boxing's reviews and other
computer videos